README.md, before:

# react-project-webbies

# Project Overview
The "Travel Guide" project is a collaborative effort developed by your group. It is a React application that serves as a comprehensive guide for travelers, providing valuable information, travel recommendations, and interactive features to enhance the travel experience. The project combines React components, API integration, CSS styling, and other functionalities to create a seamless and visually appealing user interface.

# Key Features
User-Generated Data:
The "Travel Guide" project includes the implementation of the user-generated data feature. Users can generate and manage their own travel data within the application. This feature allows users to input and store information such as personal details, preferences, or custom entries. The user-generated data is securely stored and can be accessed and modified as needed.

Language and Currency Conversion:
This functionality provides users with the ability to select their preferred language from a list of available options, dynamically translating the content of the application accordingly. Additionally, currency conversion tools enable users to view prices and perform transactions in their desired currency, catering to international travelers.

# CSS Styling
I have done CSS styling for the "Travel Guide" project. The application benefits from custom CSS styles that enhance the visual appeal and user experience. Your CSS styling ensures consistency, creating an engaging and intuitive interface. The styles are organized and modularized for easy maintenance and scalability.

# Technologies Used
The "Travel Guide" project utilizes the following technologies:

React: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

CSS: Cascading Style Sheets for styling and layout.

API: Custom-built API for handling user-generated travel data.

External APIs: Integration with language and currency conversion APIs.

Node.js: JavaScript runtime environment.

Express.js: Web application framework for Node.js.


<!-- Sai Sanju Reddy - N01515886

Weather Information: Display current and forecasted weather conditions for each destination to help users plan their trips accordingly.

Interactive Maps: Integrate interactive maps that highlight routes and provide directions.

Added Code - routes in app.tsx and dashboard.tsx,weather.tsx,weather.css,maps.tsx, maps.css files.

Added images in public and assets.

Libraries downloaded - 

npm install react-router-dom
npm install axios
npm install react-leaflet -->

Commit message:

Update README.md --> Jay Patel Contribution in Project

README.md, after:

# Project Name: Travel Guide

# Jay Patel Contribution: 

# Roadmap

The Travel Planner is an application that aims to enhance the travel experience by providing various functionalities to users. It allows users to plan and organize their trips, make hotel reservations, book tours and activities, purchase tickets, and share their experiences with others. Additionally, it offers language translation and currency conversion tools to cater to international travelers.

- Improved user-generated content features, such as ratings and comments on submitted articles.
- Expansion of language translation options to include more languages and improve accuracy.
- Integration with popular travel-related APIs to provide additional information and recommendations to users.

# Features

# Language and Currency Conversion
- Language Translation: The Travel Planner provides language translation tools to assist international travelers. Users can translate text, such as reviews, descriptions, or instructions, to their preferred language, ensuring they can easily understand and navigate the application's content.

- Currency Conversion: To accommodate travelers from different countries, the Travel Planner offers currency conversion functionality. Users can convert prices, expenses, or budgets between different currencies, providing them with a clear understanding of their financial planning while traveling.

# User-generated Content
- The Travel Planner encourages users to contribute their travel experiences, tips, and recommendations to foster a vibrant and helpful community. Users can submit articles, photos, or videos to share with other users, allowing for a diverse range of perspectives and inspiring travel ideas.
- Develope Back-end API and integrate with Front-End Code.


# Usage
1. Explore the various features of the Travel Planner, including:
- Translating content to different languages.
- Converting currencies.
- Contributing user-generated content.
2. Enjoy planning your trips and engaging with the travel community!

# Acknowledgements
The Travel Planner was developed by Jay Patel as part of "Travel Guide". We would like to acknowledge the following resources and libraries that were instrumental in building this application:

- Translation Library
- Currency Conversion API

# Learning Curves

Developing the Travel Guide application may involve a few learning curves. Here are some potential challenges and suggestions to overcome them:

1. API Integration: Understand the API documentation, start with simple requests, and seek help if needed.

2. Front-End and Back-End Integration: Follow a structured approach, define clear API contracts, and conduct thorough testing.

3. Embrace challenges, seek guidance, and continuously learn to contribute effectively to the Travel Guide project.
